README.md, before:

# BTH745
##### Survey : https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sbuDY1YfrKoEBIaaGxF5Iu-fH4X_zfSpzmOXZfJqW28/edit 
##### Survey Collaborator: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sbuDY1YfrKoEBIaaGxF5Iu-fH4X_zfSpzmOXZfJqW28/edit?usp=sharing
##### Survey to fill out: https://goo.gl/forms/25TQ78mbkptnXE1I3
## Week 2
#### Use Cases 
#### How a User logs in / Registers
#### How a user searches for locations
#### How a user can save locations
#### How a user  can filter a location
#### How a User can make contact with the seller
#### How a user can list their property for sale/rent
### Activity Diagrams for each use case
## Week 3
### Activity Diagrams continued
Finish activity diagrams that were missed or thought up after
### Wireframes & Mockups for each screen
Create Pen/Paper drawing of each of the screens (as many renditions as you can)
Try to think of a constraint for your UI as you design (IE - a minimalist design , no button design, etc)
  ##### Login /Register
  ##### Map/ Listing View (Find a location)
  ##### Change settings/Preferences
  ##### List a Property
  ##### Contact Seller
  ##### Go to Saved listings
## Choose Prototyping tool (Vote with your name under each heading)
  ##### Pencil
  * Adam (More realistic vote)  
  * Joe  
  * Michael
  * Ben
  ##### Balsamic
  
  ##### [Adobe xd](https://www.adobe.com/ca/products/xd.html)
  * Adam (Down to try and learn)
  * Ben
  
## Meetup before Friday October 5th (Please write your name under 1 or more of the following)

#### Monday 
Adam - before 1:30pm  
Joe - 10-1  
Ben - after 10
#### Tuesday
Joe - 1:30-3  
Ben - after 12
#### Wednesday
Adam - before 1:30pm  
Joe - 10-1  
Michael - before 1:30pm
#### Thursday
Adam - After 11:00am  
Michael - After 11:am   
Ben - 11-1
## Week 4
Download and learn Adobe 
Practice making high Fed Mockups using your own Wireframes  
  Make High Fed Mockups of YOUR maps / detail view  
    So a user should be able to  
    Login and be directed to some 'HomeScreen'  
    Go to maps and search for a location  
    Choose (a) location(s) and save it to details / bookmarks  
    View details and bookmarks  
Consolidate Views/Mockups into (up to 3) unique application UIs  
  
[Adobe Xd Markup by Hung Chu](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1UKpO62hiqEhaiBLhG7qTdcJ_CGJ4UH1z)

## Week 5
Define a new task for following week
Brush up mockups to use pictures and good graphics
Create more pages (as a dummy view) just to add complexity

Commit message:

Update link for stock photos

README.md, after:

# BTH745
##### Survey : https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sbuDY1YfrKoEBIaaGxF5Iu-fH4X_zfSpzmOXZfJqW28/edit 
##### Survey Collaborator: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1sbuDY1YfrKoEBIaaGxF5Iu-fH4X_zfSpzmOXZfJqW28/edit?usp=sharing
##### Survey to fill out: https://goo.gl/forms/25TQ78mbkptnXE1I3
## Week 2
#### Use Cases 
#### How a User logs in / Registers
#### How a user searches for locations
#### How a user can save locations
#### How a user  can filter a location
#### How a User can make contact with the seller
#### How a user can list their property for sale/rent
### Activity Diagrams for each use case
## Week 3
### Activity Diagrams continued
Finish activity diagrams that were missed or thought up after
### Wireframes & Mockups for each screen
Create Pen/Paper drawing of each of the screens (as many renditions as you can)
Try to think of a constraint for your UI as you design (IE - a minimalist design , no button design, etc)
  ##### Login /Register
  ##### Map/ Listing View (Find a location)
  ##### Change settings/Preferences
  ##### List a Property
  ##### Contact Seller
  ##### Go to Saved listings
## Choose Prototyping tool (Vote with your name under each heading)
  ##### Pencil
  * Adam (More realistic vote)  
  * Joe  
  * Michael
  * Ben
  ##### Balsamic
  
  ##### [Adobe xd](https://www.adobe.com/ca/products/xd.html)
  * Adam (Down to try and learn)
  * Ben
  
## Meetup before Friday October 5th (Please write your name under 1 or more of the following)

#### Monday 
Adam - before 1:30pm  
Joe - 10-1  
Ben - after 10
#### Tuesday
Joe - 1:30-3  
Ben - after 12
#### Wednesday
Adam - before 1:30pm  
Joe - 10-1  
Michael - before 1:30pm
#### Thursday
Adam - After 11:00am  
Michael - After 11:am   
Ben - 11-1
## Week 4
Download and learn Adobe 
Practice making high Fed Mockups using your own Wireframes  
  Make High Fed Mockups of YOUR maps / detail view  
    So a user should be able to  
    Login and be directed to some 'HomeScreen'  
    Go to maps and search for a location  
    Choose (a) location(s) and save it to details / bookmarks  
    View details and bookmarks  
Consolidate Views/Mockups into (up to 3) unique application UIs  
  
[Adobe Xd Markup by Hung Chu](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1UKpO62hiqEhaiBLhG7qTdcJ_CGJ4UH1z)

## Week 5
Define a new task for following week  
Brush up mockups to use pictures and good graphics  
Create more pages (as a dummy view) just to add complexity
  
Stock photos for mockup
* [List View](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1NloJLNYTcr3aZ-QuPAqt7tumO9aKzA0o)
* [Detail View](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1WkLXd5NLAtpbcidmtmiOsQ61XVMDkKu3)
